Heading Level 1 Old Text examples.
Heading Level 2 Marketing Images All
images,
including lifestyle marketing images,
should have all text that describes the
content of the image.
Family watching football on their
television traffic.
Heading Level 2 Product images.
Where applicable,
product images should describe the make,
model, and color.
IPhone 12 Pro Max and Pacific Blue
traffic heading Level 2 Interface icons
When an image serves as the identifier
for the button, it needs old text.
e-mail us button.
When old text would be repetitive,
the old attribute could be empty.
e-mail us button same page link back to
top of page.
Enter heading level 1 Old text examples
Old text example.
e-mail us button to activate presenter.
E-mail us button to activate presenter.